&tortionetonssen tom zotto.

Ι. 3oot ittoitentinibtdrr theotori.

iiie nonuogetrt tot nui ffieirii tet engiiitien iirgternng ges
btudtrn §ommiungt Anoient tarro and institutos oi Engiand corn-
priuing tows ennotod under tho ringo-Saron Kings from Acthei-
birht to Cnuth with nn english translation oi tho Saxon; tho
lans enitet Edwnrd the Coniessors3 the lons oi Wiliiom the
oooqueror, ond tirone adscribod to Henry the first: olto, mo·
numento ecclesiastica ongiiotnn from the serenthto tho tenth
centurn ond tho ancient latin version oi tho insto-Soron lans
with noompendius giossnry eto. Printed by oommtnd oi his
tote Maiesty King William tv. under the dirention of the oom-
rnissioners on tho publio recordo oi tiro kingdom MDCCCXL. .
Fot. (touton), ont torino &tentori 5tiinitentioitnrtt tier noges
trotit to, troico beo tert einer oantntgn tortioritt, tie nit
Otereinnet to, 'tn (trunto geirgt, ton rontonicum tennione
said to have been giren to Exoter cathedral by bishop Leoirio.
8st tirio onnttcbtiit onor tot {icit ironico grintiebro, totototo
tie tet oncino nitito tet ritino natitantem ingenitor, teon

tt nnirgte ten iiiitiitidrtn 611 tn {inite 1049 ton tiirton notit

treton, ont itntt orn 10. &obruor 1073.

instet ticin inantirtttit tenitten it nott nori notre nno tet
tottonionitdrrn iiibiiotiet, ton tenen tie eriot mit N tentorio,
ter Brit brt &rotetung (ingenitor, tie antero oter, mit tem
&notitior Q ongeiitrte, nott ittet togate ient ott, niet io
einen inrbnrtirtrn tneo grintieien irin toti. λ

iiie »cognom ouri) tie ttntgnte venit, anf notite ter titos
itote Ρ in ten iiotrn tintoeitt ' ’

tine nitere &dornburg tietet innobitirittnr netmiit non
gingiitt. tut) &nequet iiettt tonnte tn itiner tutante ton &teos
boto wetino, Lutetiae Parisiorum 1679, i.⁰‚ Tom. 1. pag. 83,

nn oontrngo tortioritt nittt tritineitror tn et nnn tte ooo

 

